Imprisoned without trial in Bubai's Waterfront
It's a middle eastern patch of sand that promises the best of everything.
From hotels and shopping, to vibrant night life
In one generation, Dubai has transformed itself from an arab fishing village
into an international travel hub for business and pleasure
If you fly in to Dubai today, it looks like the Middle Eastern version of Las Vegas or Surfers Paradise.
The behind the flashing facade has some brutal traps for the unsuspected.
Qantas
is now diverting hundreds of thousands of Australians
Through Dubai on their way to Europe,but what you don't see in the Qantas Brochures is an explaination
of...
what can happen to you in Dubai
A young Australian couple um...sharing a hotel room
um...
can be arrested for Adultery.
If that couple are homosexuals, the consequences are even more severe
There have been women who have been gang raped there who have then been convicted
of engaging in Adultery and had prison terms imposed upon them.
It might look like a middle eastern version of Las Vegas, but it's very far from that.
The glittering miracle city has a legal system and has in a dark edges